[ADD] multi_website: add info to configure multiple domains (#1843)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/publish/multi_website.rst

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/administration/maintain/domain_names`

If you setup an extra website and specify the domain name you will have to
do three things to get this feature to work:
1. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
2. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the

> ``server_name`` as you've entered in the "Website domain" field.

Reviewer: Since `Website domain` is an Odoo field name, it could be flagged with the `guilabel` RST role.
```suggestion
``server_name`` that you've set in the :guilabel:`Website domain` field.
```

> 1. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
> that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
> 2. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the
> ``server_name`` as you've entered in the "Website domain" field.
> 3. Reload and restart your Nginx instance to use the new ``server`` block.

Reviewer: RST lists must be surrounded by blank lines and continuation lines of list items must be indented correctly.
See [here](http://runbot86.odoo.com/runbot/static/build/14736289-13-0/logs/build/html/applications/websites/website/publish/multi_website.html#manage-domain-names) how it looks now.
```suggestion

1. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
   that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
2. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the
   ``server_name`` as you've entered in the "Website domain" field.
3. Reload and restart your Nginx instance to use the new ``server`` block.
```

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/administration/maintain/domain_names`

If you setup an extra website and specify the domain name you will have to
do three things to get this feature to work:

> 1. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
>   that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
> 2. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the
>   ``server_name`` that you've set in the :guilabel:`Website domain` field.
> 3. Reload and restart your Nginx instance to use the new ``server`` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
   that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
2. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the
   ``server_name`` that you've set in the :guilabel:`Website domain` field.
3. Reload and restart your Nginx instance to use the new ``server`` block.
```

> 1. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
>   that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
> 2. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the
>   ``server_name`` that you've set in the :guilabel:`Website domain` field.
> 3. Reload and restart your Nginx instance to use the new ``server`` block.

Reviewer: While I'm at it, it's usually best to use `#` for numbered lists.
```suggestion
#. Setup an A-record in the DNS configuration of your hosting provider so
  that "www.mywebsite2.ext" is redirected to the IP of your Odoo instance.
#. Create an extra Nginx ``server`` block in which you set the
  ``server_name`` that you've set in the :guilabel:`Website domain` field.
#. Reload and restart your Nginx instance to use the new ``server`` block.
```
